Docs: Split Custom Domains as Explanation and How-to Guide (Diátaxis) (#9676)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/hosting.rst

      we offer a CDN as part of our **Pro plan** and above.
      Please contact support@readthedocs.com to discuss how we can enable this for you.

>       We bust the cache on the CDN when the following actions happen:

Author: ```suggestion
      We invalidate and refresh the cache on the CDN when the following actions happen:
```

Reviewer: :+1: here, "bust" has some technical jargon smell to it.

      * Your Project is saved
      * Your Domain is saved

>       * A new version is built

Author: Shouldn't this be "A version is (re)built"? It should be possible to build the same version again and have caching invalidated.

```suggestion
      * A version or branch is (re)built
```

Author: Agreed. The intention was to make it easy to decode the case of "rebuilding" in order to make a new custom domain appear as the canonical domain -- but our UI doesn't have a button called "Rebuild", it just has "Build", so I think you are :100:
